Add guideline for FlowFuse Cloud Personal Access Tokens (#5107)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/company/security/ai-development-and-customer-data.md

2. Use internal, synthetic, or publicly available data for experimentation whenever possible.
3. Review AI-generated output before relying on it or including it in the product.
4. Do not use AI tools to bypass security controls, access restrictions, or approval processes.

> 5. FlowFuse Cloud Personal Access Tokens for users with Admin access should **never** be given to AI agents.

Author: ```suggestion
5. FlowFuse Cloud (or Dedicated Instances) Personal Access Tokens for users with Admin access should **never** be given to AI agents.
```

> 5. FlowFuse Cloud (or Dedicated Instances) Personal Access Tokens for users with Admin access should **never** be given to AI agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Never give credentials to AI tools or agents. This covers Personal Access Tokens, API keys, passwords, and any other secret, whether you're pasting it into a chat or handing it to an agent to act with. Admin-scoped FlowFuse Cloud and Dedicated Instance PATs are the highest-risk case: an agent holding one can take destructive, account-wide actions.
```
